So now that we have our checker middleware admittedly it is a little bit contrived,
but it does show a good use case for how we would go about building a custom middleware.
So what we're going to do in this video,
is we're going to look at a more real-world example and
then we're going to see how we can add multiple middleware to our Redux store.
So, what we're going to do is create a new middleware here,
we'll call it logger and it's going to follow
as all middleware do this exact same pattern where it is
past the store which returns a function pass next
which returns a function pass an action.
So the goal of logger is to it's kind of like a development middleware.
Inside of our console whenever an action is dispatched,
we want to see what that action is as well as
what is the new state once the action was dispatched.
So, what we can do is call console.group,
and the title of this group is going to be action.type.
So what console.group is going to group everything between that first
console.group invocation and this console.groupEnd() invocation And then,
what we want to do inside of here is first lets console.log('The action,
so we can do just by doing comma, action').
And then what we can do is we can invoke next passing at the action.
And again, next is going to be dispatch.
It's as if we are dispatching the action here which will then
allow us to come in here and say the new state is,
we can call store.getState, and then finally we just want to
return the result we got by invoking next.
And now we have this logger middleware,
we want to make sure that we inform our Redux store about it.
So, we can do that by coming in here,
and all we need to do is pass in logger as the second argument to apply middleware.
So now whenever we dispatch an action,
before it ever hits the reducer,
our checker middleware is going to run,
and then our logger middleware will run and then it will hit the reducer.
So, we can see this in action now by adding a new todo item so we'll say
"Walk the dog" and you'll notice in the console over here what we got was this group.
We have the action which was dispatched, the ADD_TODO action,
and then we have the new state once the action was dispatched.
So we now have a new Todo item in Arch do slice of our state of Walk the dog.